Just your skinny arms and thin legs
And it's also the garbage from the ant sports school
Can you lift that up?
This is a 300-kilogram decade.
Except for the ancestors and Taro Takahashi who can lift
Now only my son can lift it
When your father was young?
Can't lift this decade
Not to mention you're a bargain
So what if I lift it up?
If you can really hold up this decade for your dad
Then he is naturally qualified to go to the countryside for his ancestors
You will also be able to keep your fields and houses
If the house cannot be lifted
You father and daughter get out of here together
Get out of Zhaojiacun today
Good Ruolan
Don't be brave
That's a 300-kilogram decade.
If you're not careful, you can crush your body
How did it go?
Jane Yihu, you can lift it?
What are you still doing?
If you can't lift it, get out
Don't be embarrassed here